dozens of detainees in a mass
arrest blindfolded stripped and
surrounded by
soldiers loaded onto trucks Destination
Unknown a Hebrew voice describes the
SC Pro Palestinian activists are far
more critical the first thing jumped in
my mind when I saw the pictures the
second world war to be honest with you
how they treated you know theones and
those they were arrested or prisoners of
War I think the this any human uh this
is a torture it amount to torture and uh
more than that uh it's a war crime and
the crimes against humanity Israel calls
this men suspected
Fighters but at least one di alud is a
journalist at newspaper alabi Al jid CLE
here alongside several other civilians
that had stayed in Northern Gaza has a
disabled daughter and a very old mother
so logistically it was very unpractical
and he decided to stay we identified him
amongst those detained we also
identified at least two kids under the
age of 16 both of them were 15 year old
and we identified two employees of the
United Nations onra schools um and we
identified at least three elderlies
Hamas calls the images criminal and
disgraceful an Israeli government
spokesman sought to defend the
detentions we're talking about military
AED men who were discovered in areas
that civilians were supposed to have
evacuated weeks ago we've been calling
for an evacuation of those Hamas
strongholds Israel says the men seen
here will face
interrogation but blindfolded half naked
kneeling in the death their humiliation
is driving outrage Hamza Muhammad Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer